= Noise / heterogeneity as a useful ingredient of an attractor / gamma generating network =

The attractor network with feedback inhibition only has a much richer dynamical
state than a simple rate model. Not only the network has a strong
oscillatory/synchronising properties but also the formation of attractor states
has a much richer dynamics.

Here we will show that the properties of theta-nested gamma oscillations depend
on the intrinsic single neuron properties and inputs external to the network.

== Noise is beneficial for emergence of theta-nested gamma oscillations ==

 1. Design a useful measure of the gamma property

 2. Show, by using this measure, that nested gamma oscillations are diminished
    in a network that has no noise. Compare three cases:
     - no noise
     - medium noise
     - high noise
    Another alternative (or supplement) is to change the amount of noise
    continuously.

 3. Investigate whether neuron properties and theta properties have an impact
    on ''how much'' beneficial the noise is for theta/gamma emergence. This
    would be accomplished by meaningful parameter sweeps, e.g. depth of theta
    modulation.

Result: 1 or 2 figures

Timeline: 
 - (1) can take a long time, up to 2-3 weeks, and as to now this has not been
   solved yet
 - (2), (3): after (1) is finished, this should be fast, 1-2 weeks.

    
== Noise is beneficial for the emergence of attractor states ==

Repeat previous section, but investigate how the attractor forms.

 1. Design a measure of successful attractor formation, by fitting a Gaussian
    onto the population firing rate response.

 2. (2) from the previous section
 3. (3) from the previous section

Result: 1 figure

Timeline: 
 - 1-2 weeks


== Heterogeneity is beneficial for the formation of an attractor/gamma network ==

This section directly builds on the previous sections, but simply uses another
parameter to investigate: amount of heterogeneity. If the two previous sections
are done well, this should be relatively fast.

 1. Show that heterogeneity in cellular properties are sufficient for a correct
    emergence of theta-neste gamma oscillations in our network.
 2. Compare this to the noise case (previous two sections)
 3. Discussion about the relationship of the benefit of noise and
    heterogeneity

Result: 1 figure

Timeline: 
 - (1): 1 week
 - (2): 1 week
 - (3): 1 week
 - Total: 3 weeks


== Total timeline ==
 - 5 weeks
 - 2 weeks
 - 3 weeks
 - Total: 2.5 months
